Create troubleshooting helpers. (#89)
dart-lang/leak_tracker: doc/TROUBLESHOOT.md

TODO: link DevTools documentation with explanation

## Verify object references

If you expect an object to be not referenced at some point,

> but tot sure, you can validate it by temporary adding assertion:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but not sure, you can validate it by temporarily adding assertion:
```
